[DOC-9753] Document minimum supported vCPU per node for Dedicated on Azure (#18320)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.md

{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure use [Dsv4-series VMs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/dv4-dsv4-series) and [Premium SSDs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#premium-ssds). This configuration was selected for its optimum price-performance ratio after thorough performance testing across VM families and storage types.

> CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters can be created with a minimum of 4vcPUs per node on Azure.

Author: ```suggestion
CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters can be created with a minimum of 4 vcPUs per node on Azure.
```

{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure use [Dsv4-series VMs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/dv4-dsv4-series) and [Premium SSDs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#premium-ssds). This configuration was selected for its optimum price-performance ratio after thorough performance testing across VM families and storage types.

> {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters can be created with a minimum of 4vcPUs per node on Azure.

Reviewer: The page is not rendering correctly here because of this trailing end note liquid

>     {{site.data.alerts.end}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
